The notebooks in this folder are used to intermediate data and to reproduce the figures in the paper.

The most efficient way to reproduce all figures is to:
1) Run the "aggregate_data.ipynb" notebook to generate all the intermediate data sets
2) Run the "model_fitting.ipynb" notebook to generate the Zipf's Law model results
3) Run "write_JSD_day.py" and "write_JSD_hour.py" from the "src" folder to generate the Jensen Shannon Divergence data
4) Run each of the figure notebooks

Aside: If you only want to reproduce certain figures. Follow the tree provided in the README document. Each figure only requires some of the intermediate data sets.

The notebook "aggregate_data.ipynb" accumulates data for all 392 days, and accumulating over small intervals on the day, hour and minute scale. 
The data produced is written into a folder called "Data" and a subfolder called "Cumulative" if we accumulate in temporal order.
The results from accumulating under randomised order are written into a folder called "RandomisedCumulative".

The notebook "model_fitting.ipynb" fits the 8 models for Zipf's law in Table I of the paper. It currently fits the models onto the combined data set of all 392 days that is a result from running aggregate_data.ipynb. It also fits the log-normal model onto the cumulative data found in the "Data/Cumulative" folder. Fitted results/data are sent to the "output" folder. The code can be easily extended for the user to also fit the models to daily, hourly or minute data from Zenodo.

figures1,2,3and4,5.ipynb reproduce the figures from the paper. They use the data from the Zenodo repository, data generated by
aggregate_data.ipynb and fitted results from model_fitting.ipynb. Jenson Shannon Divergence data for Figure 5 is reproduced by running "write_JSD_day.py" and "write_JSD_hour.py" files in the "src" folder.
